## HW 5 - Assignment 3 -
### Formulate the Null hypothesis in words and in formulae for the 4 experiments below:

#### 1. Do diets help lose more fat than the exercise?
Experimental setup: you have a test and a control sample.

Idea: Diets help lose more fat than exercise does.

Null Hypothesis: The average weight loss for people who undergo diets is less than or equal to the average weight loss for people who exercise.

H0: DietWeightLoss.mean() <= ExerciseWeightLoss.mean()

#### 2. Do American trust the president?

POLL RESULTS: On May 16, 1994, Newsweek reported the results of a public opinion poll that asked: “From everything you know about Bill Clinton, does he have the honesty and integrity you expect in a president?” (p. 23). Poll surveyed 518 adults and 233, or 0.45 of them answered yes.

Idea: Americans trust that Bill Clinton has the honesty and integrity, expected in a President.

Null Hypothesis: The ratio of people who trust Bill Clinton has honesty and integrity, expected in a president is larger than or equal to 50%

H0: (HonIntPresClintonYesPoll.count() / TotalPollPopulation) >= 0.5

#### 3. Effectiveness of nicotine patches to quit smoking.

Experimental setup: Measure cessation rates for smokers randomly assigned to use a nicotine patch versus a placebo patch.

Idea: Nicotine helps quit smoking.

Null Hypothesis: The number of people who quit smoking after using nicotine patch is less than or equal to those using placebo patch.

H0: NicotinePatchQuitSmoking.count() <= PlaceboPatchQuitSmoking.count()

#### 4. Quantify the danger of smoking for pregnant women.

Experimemtal setup: Measure IQ of children at ages 1, 2, 3, and 4 years of age.

Idea: Smoking during pregnancy leads to children with less IQ.

Null Hypothesis: The average measured IQ of children at ages 1,2,3 & 4 born to women smoking during pregnancy is higher than children born to women who did not smoke during pregnancy.

H0: ChildIQforWomenSmokinginPregnancy.mean() > ChildIQforWomenNotSmokinginPregnancy.mean()
